Okay, first thing first, go here to
edit. Go to plugins and search for HD
backdrop. We have to enable this
plug-in. Okay, take this button and
restart the editor.
Okay, fine. The engine is restarted.
Started. Okay, close this one.
And let's go right here and search for
our HTML here.
Enable this one.
As you can see, this is the default
uh HDR map. Okay, you want to go here
to Google Chrome and go to this website
poly
uh to download HDR. Okay, in this uh
website can download HDR textures
modics. For us, we have to download HDR.
Click this button and choose any HDRI as
you want.
Okay, for example, let's choose this
one, plain sunset. In this corner, we
have XDR. Choose HDR and choose any
quality as you want. for me want to
choose S8 quality 8K quality. We click
download.
Okay, as you can see downloading is
finished. It's placed here from
downloads.
Okay, now let's go
and open this content driver
and place this one right here. This
takes some time to import this HTML.
Okay, fine. is imported successfully.
This is my HDRI map. Okay, how to
replace this HDR.
Okay, first thing first, click here
and
go right here and place it in this
place.
Okay, let's see. This is my HDI map. As
you can see, this code. How to fix this
uh ROM problem?
We have to go right here to geometry.
Okay, since this one to sphere
there as you can see sphere is not
exist. How to fix this problem? We have
to go here to content draw and go to
this button and enable this engine
content and plug in uh content
or you can uh find. Okay, let's see it
works or not. Select geometry.
Go here and search for the speaker.
My face is instant.
Okay, this is my
HTI map. Let's come over here
and change the size of this STRI.
Okay. One.
This is works for me for you. Choose as
you want.
Okay. This is projection.
Okay. I think this one is a fine.
Okay. This my it's the right as you can
see it looks very